--[bang]
--[EMILY gasps]
--[banging continues]
--[EMILY yells]
[musical chime]
[RYOTA]
What's that sound effect?
Is someone gaming or something?
So sleepy. Just a
few more minutes.
Wait, are you a human?
No, that's silly,
you're a drop, so...
Oh, I know!
Must be some weird
human-shaped meat.
I'll try cutting it up.
[gasps] Stop right there!
[EMILY yelps]
Hey! You didn't have
to scare me like that!
So I guess you're a human
and not human-shaped meat?
Are you really still
questioning my humanity?
Sorry, but I've
never seen a slime
drop a human like that before.
[RYOTA]
A slime? Drop?
This is so confusing!
They normally drop bean sprouts
and I'm almost certain
you're not a bean sprout!
Back up, what's all this
about slime drops?
Are you messing with me,
or are you just insane?
[EMILY] You mean you
really don't know?
Have I not made
that clear by now?
[EMILY] Hm... Wait, watch
a minute and I'll show you.
[RYOTA]
A slime?
[yelling]
Whoa! Be careful!
Not good!
Don't worry, I can take a hit!
[RYOTA]
Whoa!
It turned into bean sprouts!
The slimes in this area
always drop bean sprouts.
Like, always.
Everybody knows that.
Uh, nobody I know knows that.
[RYOTA]
Where on earth am I?
What's with the
bean-sprout chick?
And what in the freaking
hell is going on here?
[RYOTA]
So, I'm no farmer,
but I didn't know that's
where bean sprouts came from.
Not just sprouts.
Everything. That's where
it all comes from.
What? Seriously?
I can't think of anything
that isn't a drop
left by monsters in
dungeons like this one.
How is it possible you
don't know this stuff?
[RYOTA]
Hey.
[EMILY]
Yes?
We're not in Japan now, are we?
Where's that?
Are we on Earth, at least?
What's an Earth?
[RYOTA]
Must not panic.
[gasps]
I know I'm a drop you just met,
but it seems like all
you do is kill slimes.
Aren't there any other
kinds of monsters?
I'm afraid that it's only slimes
here on level one of Telulu.
[RYOTA] So why not just
go to a different area?
I'm not strong enough for that.
You're handling
yourself pretty well
from where I'm standing.
Oh, thanks for saying so.
If I level up some,
maybe I'll try level two.
[RYOTA]
Level up? You can level up?
If I work hard.
Here. Let me show you
where I'm at now.
Ta-dah!
[RYOTA]
What's that?
[EMILY]
It's called a status board.
And this is my current status.
[RYOTA] It's like a
videogame in real life.
Her HP is B rank,
and her strength is a C.
As for the rest... Hmm.
Yeah, she seems like your
typical power-based build.
Huh? Looks like
there's a second page?
[EMILY]
There sure is!
That's the page that shows
how my drop stats are ranked.
[RYOTA] What do those
particular stats do?
High drop stats make it
easier to get good drops.
And to get them
more often, as well.
As you can see, my highest
drop stat is for plants.
That's why I always get
tons of bean sprouts here.
[RYOTA] I wouldn't call
that plant stat "high."
It's just barely above
the other ones.
You wanna take a peek at yours?
Sure. So do I just touch
that green thing?
You got it.
[RYOTA gasps]
Oh...
[EMILY]
Oh, they're all shockingly low.
[RYOTA]
Level one out of one.
That doesn't mean
level one is the highest
I can ever reach, does it?
[EMILY] Um, that's
exactly what it means.
[RYOTA]
Dude, not cool.
Your drop stats
are kinda sad, too.
Ugh. So basically I'm
a pathetic piece of work.
That right?
[EMILY]
Let's see here.
A, B, C, D, E, F...
...Q, R, S...
My, they're just so low.
Huh?
[EMILY] With drop ranks
this low, I'd be surprised
if you even got
any drops at all.
[RYOTA] Wait a minute!
You sure S rank is low?
[EMILY]
Huh? Pretty sure.
[RYOTA] No way. If gaming
has taught me one thing,
it's that S rank
is the highest.
Maybe that's different here?
Only one way to find out.
[EMILY] What are you
looking around for?
I need to get my hands
on some kind of weapon.
[EMILY] You can
borrow mine, if you like!
[RYOTA]
Thanks, that would be great--
[EMILY yelps]
This thing's gotta weigh like
five times as much as you.
Oh! I'm so sorry about that!
Here, try this one on for size.
[DUNGEON VOICE 01A]
Ryota acquired a bamboo spear.
This should do the trick!
A slime's coming your way now.
[RYOTA]
Let's go!
[yells]
You did it, yay!
[RYOTA]
Huh?
Look! Wow!
You ever gotten this many
in a drop before?
Not ever!
I've been farming
this area for two years.
I've never seen
so many sprouts drop!
Guess I was right, then.
S is totally above A just like
in the games we have back home.
Wait, have you really
not seen an S rank before?
Not until you.
I've never even
heard of such a thing.
I see.
[stomach growls]
Let's have a bite.
Your tummy sounds hungry!
[EMILY]
Go on. Eat your fill.
Thanks so much.
Can't wait to dig in.
So good!
The subtle spice
of the chili oil.
It perfectly complements
the refreshing crispness
of the bean sprouts.
Ah! All we need now is
a nice beer to go with it.
Huh, you think so?
[RYOTA] What, do you
not drink or something?
I can't afford to.
Liquor's very expensive,
and I need to save all I can.
Try some of this, too.
[RYOTA]
All right, thanks.
Wow.
Huh? [gasps]
[yelps] Wh-Why are you crying?
Does it really taste that awful?
[RYOTA]
No. That's not it at all.
It's been so long.
I can't remember the last time
I sat down to a nice, warm meal.
With someone to keep me company.
[RYOTA]
I left early every morning
and stayed late
doing unpaid overtime.
And then I'd just
wolf down something cold
from the convenience store.
That life wrecked my health
until I was hospitalized.
Then I felt obligated
to make up for lost time.
I missed the last train.
So I took a little
nap at my desk.
The next thing I knew,
I was dropped by a slime.
Nothing I did ever
paid off in any way.
Every day was a living hell.
I've heard that one's efforts
always pay off in the end.
Maybe this is your big chance
to actually experience that.
It may happen quickly
or it may take some patience.
But wait and see.
Those who work hard
will be rewarded.
Even better.
The longer you work hard
without seeking a reward,
the sweeter that reward will
be when it finally arrives.
Like the tension in your
fingers before a flick.
The greater the tension,
the greater the force,
and the more
satisfying the results.
So it's pretty amazing
what happened.
You stayed strong
your whole life
and now your reward is
waiting in this new life.
You worked so diligently
all those long, hard years,
and now, here you are.
It's your turn to be rewarded.
[RYOTA crying]
[RYOTA]
Thank you.
I guess my next
order of business
is to find a place to stay.
That makes sense.
Luckily there's a town
right outside the dungeon.
You should be able
to find lodging there.
I should get some shuteye
pretty soon as well.
[RYOTA]
Wha--? In the dungeon?
That's right.
My drops are not too impressive.
So I don't have much
in the way of money.
But I dream of renting
an apartment one day.
[RYOTA]
Uh... Ah, I see.
[EMILY]
Oh! Here.
Don't forget your weapon!
[RYOTA]
Huh? Are you sure?
It's dangerous to
walk around unarmed.
Thanks for this,
but it's on loan.
I'll return it someday.
[EMILY]
Sure!
If you ever want to,
you can always find me here
on level one of Telulu.
Oh. Hey, what's your name?
It's Emily Brown.
Nice to meet you!
Emily, huh?
Well, my name's Ryota Sato.
Hi! Yoda?
[RYOTA]
Not Yoda. Ryota!
[EMILY] I've never heard
such a peculiar name before.
[RYOTA] I think I'm getting
a feel for things now.
The currency here is "pilos."
Those bean sprouts
are worth 200 pilos.
A room costs 2,000 pilos,
and that's just for one night.
A bowl of their ramen
stand-in is 500 pilos.
I've verified the prices
of the things I want.
Now it's time to make bank.
[RYOTA] When I found out
I was stuck at level one,
I thought I was in for just
another brand of hell,
where all my efforts were
doomed to be in vain.
But with this fully OP skill
that maxes out
all of my drop stats,
I can make this work!
[EMILY]
Huh? Where are we?
A rental.
Got it with three
days of earnings.
In three days?
You're amazing, Yoda!
Don't know about that.
I mean, it's just a run-down,
87-year-old apartment,
after all.
There wasn't even
a deposit or key money.
But it was the best I
could do on short notice.
That's still amazing to me.
How much does it cost?
[RYOTA]
Twenty thousand a month.
That much?
How impressive. Wow!
And it's all yours!
Well, not exactly.
[EMILY]
What's this?
[RYOTA]
The key.
[EMILY]
Huh?
Why are you giving it to me?
You're gonna need that
to live here from now on.
[EMILY]
To do what now?
[RYOTA]
Live here.
Huh?!
[RYOTA] I'll cover the rent,
so nothing to worry about there.
But... I can't
possibly accept this!
[RYOTA]
It's for the soup.
It meant more to me
than you could ever know.
It was warm and comforting.
[RYOTA]
This is to thank you.
I wish it was a nicer place,
but please live here.
[EMILY]
Thank you so much.
Sure. Now I'll be on my way.
[EMILY] Your hands.
They're covered in blisters.
[RYOTA]
Oh, that reminds me.
I might have gotten a little
bit of blood on that spear
you were nice enough to lend me,
but I'll clean it up
good as new, I promise.
[EMILY] And you have
bags under your eyes.
[laughs] Once I get some sleep,
I'll be unstoppable.
I'll make you some soup.
Sure. Thanks. Yeah.
Just one bowl and I'll--
[EMILY] Not one!
I'll make you soup forever!
So please don't go!
Wait, um, does that mean...?
[RYOTA] Is she asking me
to live here with her?
Can I do that?
'Kay?
[EMILY]
Oh. Goodness.
[RYOTA grunting]
[EMILY]
It's heavier than it looks.
Brought more goods for ya, Erza.
[ERZA]
Sure thing.
One little moment, please.
Hi, uh. Ricotta Sato, wasn't it?
[RYOTA]
It's Ryota!
Er. Sorry 'bout that.
But you've gotta admit your
name's a bit of a mouthful.
Today's total is 1,967.
I'll tell you what.
Since you always bring in such
large amounts, I'll round up.
How does 2,000 pilos sound, eh?
It sounds great.
But at the end of the day,
sprouts are sprouts.
You can only make
so much with 'em.
Maybe level two of
Telulu is calling to me.
The monsters in that area
drop tasty, crunchy carrots.
[RYOTA]
That's ridiculous! Absurd, even!
But, it appears
that's how things work
in this weird, wild world.
Say. Did you hear the news?
There's a brand-new dungeon that
showed up not too long ago!
[RYOTA] Huh? Dungeons can
just show up out of nowhere?
Well, yeah.
Just every now
and then, of course.
But this one has
one of those names
that's too impossible
to pronounce.
Nibo--uh. No, hold on.
I think it's actually
something like "Nihonium"?
Nihonium, huh?
That's easy enough.
For you, maybe.
Anyway, the Neptune's
investigating.
So they'll find out
what the drops are there.
We should know before too long.
Um, what's the Neptune?
[ERZA]
You haven't heard about them?
They're the most powerful
organization in all of Secro.
Huh.
[CUSTOMER 01A clears throat]
Uh-- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to linger.
I'll be on my way now.
[ERZA]
No, wait!
There's a new little shop
right around the
corner from here.
They're known for their
cold and delicious beer!
Um. I was thinking we could go
and grab some drinks
together later?
Beer, you say?
Thanks, but think I'll
have to pass this time.
Later!
Sure. That's fine. See ya.
Ooh, ice cold! Poor rejectee.
What? You don't know
what you're talking about!
[RYOTA] It's been years
since I returned to a home
where someone was
waiting for me.
What should I say?
It's gotta be perfect.
Hey. Emily, I'm home. Oh.
Yay, I'm so happy to see you!
Um, yeah, you, too.
Come in. I'm sure
it's been a long day.
[gasps] Is it me, or is this
place sparkling clean now?
Sure is! I cleaned
every nook and cranny!
This goes way beyond "cleaning."
You didn't have to go
all out like that.
Did I go overboard?
I mean, it was my first time
cleaning up our beautiful home.
I couldn't help but do my best!
For you, Yoda.
A nice, hot towel!
Oh, man. This is heaven!
And that makes you an angel!
[EMILY]
I also brewed some tea.
[RYOTA]
You made me special tea, too?
Of course!
Please have a seat,
and I'll be right back.
You don't have to
go to all this trouble.
Why not stop and
take a little break?
You must be worn out.
But being able to do
things around my home
is a dream come true for me.
I'm so happy and
not tired at all!
Okay, if you say so.
By the way, I heard a rumor
that a new dungeon showed up.
A place called Nihonium.
I heard about that, too.
Apparently it's
pretty useless, Yoda.
They say nothing drops at all.
How could there be
no drops whatsoever?
[RYOTA] In a world where every
single thing is a dungeon drop,
the idea of one with no drops
is way too intriguing.
[RYOTA]
Not a living soul.
It feels abandoned.
Maybe there really
is nothing here.
[growls]
Huh?
[yells]
[RYOTA]
I'm dead meat!
[growls]
[RYOTA yells]
[RYOTA] That's the extent
of my level one power?
Am I really stuck being so weak?
[RYOTA]
What's that? Looks like a seed.
[DUNGEON VOICE 01A]
Ryota's max HP increased by one.
Huh?
[screams] You're still
maxed out at Level one,
but somehow you managed
to increase your max HP!
[RYOTA]
It's true.
Somehow that little seed
really did increase my stat.
[RYOTA]
After that discovery,
I got cozy killing skeletons.
Then Emily joined me,
so we did some experiments
and learned a few things.
Whenever Emily
killed a skeleton,
that OP seed never dropped.
When she tries picking up
one of them up,
her hand passes right through it
no matter how hard she tries.
And that voice:
it seems I'm the only one
who can hear it.
[DUNGEON VOICE 01A]
Ryota's max HP increased by 1.
[EMILY] I can't believe it.
How is this possible?
[RYOTA]
It shouldn't be.
In this world, having drops
that only certain people
can touch wrecks the balance.
It's not how things work here.
A place like this dungeon
shouldn't even exist.
And yet, somehow it does.
[EMILY]
You're so special!
I've never heard
of anyone anywhere
getting stronger
without leveling up!
[RYOTA] In other words...
Nihonium here
is a stat-increasing wonderland
reserved for S-ranks like me!
[RYOTA]
Mm! So yummy!
Emily's house is the
best place in the world!
[EMILY] So. Will you be out
late again tonight, Ryota?
Yep! I've been busting my buns
in Nihonium a lot lately
and my max HP has
finally reached
the highly coveted S-rank!
I'm gonna check out
level two of Telulu.
I wanna see how much stronger
I've gotten through all this.
Hey, uh, what's with
that look on your face?
Please promise you won't
be too reckless out there.
[RYOTA]
Huh?
You have a tendency to
face challenges head-on.
I remember how you
ran yourself ragged
back when you first
rented this apartment.
And you've been out late
every night recently,
but I'd prefer it if you
came home before it gets dark.
[RYOTA]
Back then,
no one gave a damn
about my well-being.
But now...
Sure, you got it.
I'll be back home
before nightfall.
Thank you!
Wait. That didn't
actually hurt at all.
Oh, I see.
This must be because
of my new S-rank HP!
[yells]
[RYOTA]
It really did drop a carrot!
And it's enormous.
[RYOTA] That one's
way smaller than mine.
[ADVENTURER 01A]
What're you standing around for?
You think a newbie like you
can really hack it on level two?
Hold on, I'll check
out his stats.
[DUNGEON VOICE 01A]
Easy Scan.
[ADVENTURER 01C chuckles]
Level one.
[BOTH laugh]
Better crawl back to level one
unless you wanna
die, wittle baby.
That was uncalled for.
Jerk wads.
Oh--
Are those ears natural?
Level one, is it?
Uh. You talking about me?
Ha! Yeah, guilty as charged.
You're trash! For shame!
[gasps]
Uh. You finished?
Huh? What the heck was that?
What big, lovely
carrots you got us!
They must love their carrot cake
at the Swallow's Gratitude.
They bought the whole
bunch for 8,000 pilos!
Eight thousand pilos
in one day? Wow.
[RYOTA]
That's 240,000 pilos a month.
That's way more than I was
making at my old job!
I kept a few
for us to eat, too.
Thought you'd like that.
I'll make something
extra tasty with them!
[knocking]
Huh? Hello?
The bunny girl from before.
I hate your kind. Low Levels.
Right, but...
Did you have to come to
my house to tell me that?
You have something else to say?
That I wuv you.
[RYOTA]
Huh?!